Oh
hi-yah so the Sun is out and I will back
to uni for turn three it's exam term a
little bit worried but it's gonna be
good
excited to be back like a scientist has
done to me out I'm gonna be like
revising outside it's gonna be great
so the lecturers don't start till
Thursday it's Saturday today so I've got
a bit of time to be catching up on some
of the work I couldn't manage to get
done all over the holiday it's been
quite a rush this holiday didn't have so
much time at home and I did last holiday
have a field trip as well so that's
taking time out but I feel like I'm just
about on top of things I've got physics
mock on Tuesday someone to revise
physics and yeah bring on this time
and in the distance you can see the
Jesus boat house Jesus I am back
so first things first I think we're
going to go and get some lunch now
because I can't actually get in my room
till 3:00 so yay for lunch thoughts very
nice tasty
oh Jesus I'm having a caramel latte
so I've just checked after we had lunch
I checked with the porters and they said
I can't get into my room until 3:00 like
the way that I mean you know I'll eat so
we are going off to the shops to that
you serve the hour we have until they
and I need to go get some shoes
the mission of unpacking the car
commences
to make the most of the nice weather we
went out and played some basketball in
the afternoon on the Jesus courts I mean
some of us were more skilled than others
but that's all love and I'll be honest I
shocked myself in this shot I mean she
shoots she scores pure skill the evening
[Music]
well okay so I am on the chapel court
grass which we allowed to walk in this
term and it's quite exciting the grass
oh yeah so it is Sunday the next day and
yeah it's another really sunny day so
yes so nice does it do this it's
sunlight let's make my eyes water
oh it's just beautiful I've got my
window that wide open so bright laughter
I love this weather the Sun makes me so
happy anyway the plan for today is to
revise physics basically all day because
I've got a mock on Tuesday but it'd be
good to just do decently in or past at
least so we're gonna revise for that and
oh yes I've also managed to forget
if you think this time such as well I've
got a bit of toothpaste I look like a
little travel toothpaste but I forgot to
bring a big tube I didn't bring hand
soap but luckily they've actually left
something from like the ones are the
about for people who stay here for
conferences when I want a holiday during
the weather it's seven staple or cuz
they never usually do this but there we
go there is nice stuff so I've been
using that but I don't trust the nuts
take it away
look good I update the hand soap has
since been removed
call me psychic like at the end of term
when we're leaving they always come in
and they'll put those like soaps in in
the that's holder and the shower like
the day before we leave and I'm like so
rude you could at least wait for us to
eat before you start sending up for the
conference people but anyway so yeah
I've got a few other and tea towels tea
towels why do I not pack tea towels
I don't even know I'm like so
disorganized so I need to go on a quick
trip out at some point today to get
those but yeah
I better get going might have some
breakfast start off with start the day
the right way you know bye
I had some honey on toast and orange
juice for breakfast quite proud of this
little spread so I've bought a tray with
me this time to carry stuff up and down
from my room to the kitchen in my
staircase and it's the best decision I
have ever made like it's gonna make my
life so much easier I used to have to do
relays and let's face it none of us want
to be doing all those stairs more than
once like top floor is a struggle so
yeah yay for a picnic time yeah so I
just got back from my shopping trip I
went to welco in the end to get my best
pieces and I got because I didn't
realize but I'd also forgotten the
clothes airer and let's face it I'm
gonna need a clothes hour if I want to
get any laundry done and I'm gonna need
to get laundry done so I wore this
lovely clothes from
welco only nine pounds so I mean we've
been zero pounder but actually
remembered my other one these things
happen yeah the revisions been going
okay today have a picnic at lunchtime
yeah I'm just gonna get back to more
physics now I think I need to keep going
so quick update I am still pretty boring
evening oscillations
I'm gonna finish going through all my
notes making more flashcards because I
know I've got them walk and I don't
wanna be making flashcards right now but
they I know they will be useful for when
I'm revising for the actual exam so I'm
making flashcards as well as going for
the notes highlighting things just
trying to condense the notes down and
tomorrow I am going to just do a ton of
past exam questions on the exam
conditions that's actually what I'm
gonna fill my day with tomorrow so by
the time she's a morning comes around
I'm gonna be well practice they're gonna
be ready for it
so yeah that is the strategy we'll see
how I get on I may have slightly given
up on her vision at this point self-pity
is kind of my speciality so good morning
it's a lovely day today I am just about
to go downstairs and meet with my
friends and we're gonna have a bit of a
coffee fun time I think wake us up
something get a rising
so now it is time to kick off the
revision for the day very exciting so
the physics Marcus tomorrow so I'm just
gonna keep going with the physics I'll
see how it goes
so I am just preparing to go off to my
first supervision of time it's a
chemistry one so I'm getting all my
chemistry work raised to take along I
handed in my work for marking yesterday
so hopefully that we marked and we'll go
over in the soup Oh today it should be
good
sadly my chemistry supervisor from the
last term could no longer supervise any
of us and it's sad cuz he was my best
supervisor without a doubt so I've got a
new chemistry supervisor today I
hopefully they'll be good I mean we'll
see as long as they can teach me
chemistry teach me what look at verse 3
help me pass then should be fine but
yeah getting back into the swing of term
already I'm not sure I'm ready for it
hello hello we are in our classic
studying position doing some more
studying I would say my Matt my MOX I
haven't even updated you so I had my
physics mock yesterday morning and it I
mean I tried my best and I got some
stuff right like I wrote answers down
there's some stuff I have completely no
idea what I was doing so we'll see how
that goes when the miles get back
but anyway glad that's over although I
have just been told I've got on walk
next week what my Oni told me today so
week to prepare for an earth more next
week anyway I've got math to do cuz
that's due in tomorrow and the heck just
start tomorrow and it's all kicking off
and it's just all depressing I'm just
crying oh so the whole kind of working
only to realize I could have done it in
like two lines why why do I do this so
we're gonna finish that
so yeah the rest of today is actually
gonna be doing this past because there
is a lava but the seed name
my friend Ella is having a four to
celebrate her birthday which is gonna be
fun
first of all of time probably one of you
this time I think we're gonna cut down
on for most this time but yeah should be
really really fun looking forward to it
nice tree after I've done a nice day of
productive work let's go
so already for my first formal of term
maths has been pretty much successful I
am gonna just go to bed like this
straight off to fall tonight so I get a
fairly early night and then I can get up
early let's set my alarm like for like
six hook something tomorrow morning so I
can just finish off the last team ass
bits before lectures and get that handed
in and go to the lectures and labs
tomorrow it's all under control it's
going out of control
yeah looking forward to for what the
menu is good as well
[Music]
[Applause]
after four more we popped to the Jesus
College bar J bar as per usual and here
we have ads showing appreciation for his
fans he thinks he's famous meanwhile
will is being used as a footrest
I'd like to commend eller and Maisy for
being so resourceful PS I swear we don't
bully him I promise
so I'm just walking back from formal to
go to bed because it's about 10:30 and
I'm tired and I'm getting up early it's
coming as she finished my mouth work
some sort of beef for Maine he was like
this like starter was this kind of
cheesy cheese gone with cheese and I
don't even know how I'm going to get up
tomorrow morning like know me I'm gonna
just like keeps losing my arm I just
calling that myself cuz my work is
actually doing and not the way I wanted
to start off damn how am I doing this
and here we go this is how badly lit the
courts are this time you see me no it's
the right shout not going out tonight
those people who have gone out good luck
to you
yeah so I've returned toy lovely kitchen
I'm just putting my wine away and fresh
because I didn't drink that much only
had a couple glasses tonight I don't
know when I'm gonna want to have wine in
the next week so I'll find someone nice
to donate it to I just know there's
gonna be noise here later cuz lots of
other people from other colleges who
have come to Jesus for this forum have
left their bags here I'm gonna get to
work taking the makeup off can wait for
bed I could do work now see it's like
half time I could go and do like to be
fresh so I think going to bed now like
earlier than cuz I tended I do this
basic it's quite early maybe it's not
going anyway let's go to my room
listening cool so here is my classic
formal attire we have the gown that is
oh so fashionable then we have a dress
blue and back one today
yeah not the one I usually go for it's
not my favorite but I was like we can't
just wear the same dress upon all the
time so something different and then
they give you a little bit but that's
not overly that bad
they're gonna be good for formal was for
the rest of term you think I leave which
I'm sure you've seen a little on my
favorite earrings look their little
dream catches yeah and
it's bad when you realize you still
haven't washed up your stuff from
breakfast what is such a mess such a
mess it's fine you knew already three
all-nighters tomorrow right bring all my
things don't go my work done good
I've got chemistry lab tomorrow as well
so whatever you do don't let me forget
my love coating lab goggles I hope you
don't jinx us now I need my lab coat and
[Music]
if I forget them I'm not really happy
with myself anyway
I might you know what we'll go do do one
last question now yeah one last question
before I go to bed then I'm gonna go to
bed and then I'm gonna get up and do a
few more no come back
do my physics work and then I will chill
because after that I mean I'm not being
set anymore my first PC pose but I've
got a lot of work to do for myself
because revision and exams this term
it's all good it's okay good and I'm
still enjoying myself yeah I've got a
breakdown yeah he didn't know it might
look like it so it's going well so mum
don't worry about me fine good see this
is the one a lab where I have a
chemistry lab once every fortnight this
week we were doing rates of reaction and
determining orders experimentally we're
given a method and then a worksheet
which we fill out with our
olks an analysis here are some of the
chemicals we were measuring out so I've
just left the joy that is chemistry lab
it was quite a quick one today like it's
three o'clock and I'm out which is good
didn't I'm just get done before lunch I
did have to go back after lunch but
that's okay and I've got a different
physics supervisor for the next couple
weeks cos my normal ones away and
they've also work in tomorrow cycle over
to West Cambridge to get that into more
like a busier evening than I originally
thought it's fine you know get things
done yeah the day's going smoothly so
far I'd say first few lectures made me
slightly panic they started talking
about like do things really exist and it
just made me go I'm so confused
[Music]
you saw me go off that rather a long
Chad the door it is the issue being uni
people will knock on your door and
you'll have a nutter
and you'll be like I should be working
right now there you go
hello hello sir come on Oh lovely cycle
that today know why what I imagined I
was hoping the Sun would be out and very
night
there's been raining like you can see my
glasses it's actually just stops now
which is nice cuz I go cycle back just a
quick hour long cycle right between
lectures you know a lot to do for fun no
I am trying to find the pigeonhole of my
temporary physics supervisor
and now I need to find my way out
Oh God dick Burmese in here I'm so glad
I found the pigeonhole I was so worried
that I wasn't gonna find it like the
Cavendish laboratory it's a big place
anyway no touch schedule I've got half
an hour till my lecture and I actually
need to drop back to Jesus beforehand to
pick up notes and stuff because I might
do some revision in the earth lab well
maybe you'll go back for lunch for us I
don't know but I'm hungry I need food me
to pick up a snack that's what I used to
do so I will be off so next lecture
series and earth is Britain's geology
hopefully it's not too tricky to grasp
because I don't have much time to revise
it before exams so after a very busy
morning
I've just had lunch and I having to sit
down and yeah I've actually got a few
hours now where I just take a breather
for a minute because um I actually I
mean that I'm free for the whole
afternoon I didn't even I was thinking
I've got a suppose but this afternoon /
this evening I'm like wait that doesn't
start it next week so I'm actually free
the rest afternoon oh that's the best
news ever
yeah anyway I'm gonna end this vlog here
I hope you've enjoyed watching my first
week back for this term there's been
some stressful parts there's been some
fun parts but it's all part of the uni
life
and yeah I'm enjoying it so yeah if you
enjoyed watching the video please like
and subscribe down below I'd really
appreciate it and yeah I'll see you with
another video soon bye